README.md, before:

## preenfm2

forked from Ixox/preenfm2

in this version, some more filters & fx :

###### LP2  :
- different flavour of the original LP

###### HP2  :
- same for HP

###### BP2  :
- same for BP

###### Lp3  :
- state variable filter, low pass mode

###### Hp3  :
- state variable filter, high pass mode

###### Bp3  :
- state variable filter, band pass mode

###### Peak  :
- state variable filter, peak mode

###### Notc  :
- state variable filter, notch mode

###### Bell  :
- state variable filter, boost if param amp > 0.5, else cut

###### LowS :
- state variable Low Shelf filter, boost if param amp > 0.5, else cut

###### HigS :
- state variable High Shelf filter, boost if param amp > 0.5, else cut

###### LpHp :
- distortion filter, morph from lowpass at freq=0 to highpass at freq=1

###### BpDs
- saturated bandpass filter

###### LPws :
- distorted low pass mixed with source signal, bottom presence enhancer

###### Tilt :
- emphasis on low (mod < 0.5) or high frequency (mod > 0.5), Freq = breakpoint

###### Pann :
- stereo enhancer : wide = 0, the signal is mono, wide = 1, the signal is stereo, pos is the pseudo pan position

###### Sat  :
- kind of guitar saturation ; signal over threshold is distorded

###### Sigm :
- tanh waveshaper saturation

###### Fold :
- signal is amplified by "driv", signal over 1 is folded, as many time as needed

###### Wrap :
- signal is amplified by "driv", signal over 1 is wraped ; it is mirrored at -1

###### Xor  :
- signal over threshold is xor-ed with an allpass version of itself

###### Txr1 :
- bitmangling filtered texture 1 

###### Txr2 :
- bitmangling filtered texture 2, different kind

###### LPx1 :
- xor low pass filter + fold 

###### LPx2 :
- xor low pass filter + fold, different kind


Credits : 

	many thanks to musicdsp.org for the good filter algo ( and more).
	many thanks to Andrew Simper for the bell, low shelf and high shelf algo.

Commit message:

resonant 3xap, tilt ap, sat ap, 3xnoth  ap3 pan

README.md, after:

## preenfm2

forked from Ixox/preenfm2

in this version, some more filters & fx :

###### LP2  :
- different flavour of the original LP

###### HP2  :
- same for HP

###### BP2  :
- same for BP

###### Lp3  :
- state variable filter, low pass mode

###### Hp3  :
- state variable filter, high pass mode

###### Bp3  :
- state variable filter, band pass mode

###### Peak  :
- state variable filter, peak mode

###### Notc  :
- state variable filter, notch mode

###### Bell  :
- state variable filter, boost if param amp > 0.5, else cut

###### LowS :
- state variable Low Shelf filter, boost if param amp > 0.5, else cut

###### HigS :
- state variable High Shelf filter, boost if param amp > 0.5, else cut

###### LpHp :
- distortion filter, morph from lowpass at freq=0 to highpass at freq=1

###### BpDs
- saturated bandpass filter

###### LPws :
- distorted low pass mixed with source signal, bottom presence enhancer

###### Tilt :
- emphasis on low (mod < 0.5) or high frequency (mod > 0.5), Freq = breakpoint

###### Pann :
- stereo placement tool : pos = panning, sprd = phase position or something

###### Sat  :
- kind of guitar saturation ; signal over threshold is distorded

###### Sigm :
- tanh waveshaper saturation

###### Fold :
- signal is amplified by "driv", signal over 1 is folded, as many time as needed

###### Wrap :
- signal is amplified by "driv", signal over 1 is wraped ; it is mirrored at -1

###### Xor  :
- signal over threshold is xor-ed with an allpass version of itself

###### Txr1 :
- bitmangling filtered texture 1 

###### Txr2 :
- bitmangling filtered texture 2, different kind

###### LPx1 :
- xor low pass filter + fold 

###### LPx2 :
- xor low pass filter + fold, different kind

###### LpSn :
- saturated low pass filter, for polyphonic context 

###### HpSn :
- saturated high pass filter, for polyphonic context 

###### Not3 :
- triple notch filter, Sprd to spread the 2 poles around the center frequency

###### Ap3 :
- all pass triple filter, Sprd to spread the 2 poles around the center frequency

###### Ap3b :
- all pass triple filter, resonant version, Sprd to spread the 2 poles around the center frequency


Credits : 

	many thanks to :
	- musicdsp.org for the good filters algo ( and more).
	- Andrew Simper for the bell, low shelf and high shelf algo.
	- Dennis Cronin for the allpass algo.
